people never think I just wanted to the
real hero yes is a general term paper
crane course that's really interesting
when you go through to you to be course
creation process something really subtle
happens is they actually teach you how
to create course as you go through the
process so it's almost worth going
through the process of training course
on youtube if you even if we never sell
it on your own website you're gonna know
how to structure of course properly
process they take you through the
process and yes I'm just gonna
people are interested in the business
course we mentioned earlier let me just
bring that up so now when you you
automatically contemporary yeah yes I
want you create a unique course there's
a as a function in a coupon code
generator URL just tagged with your code
so you shared that and all the revenue
that you then receive from not link
people come to that Lang NASA Bintang
Biophilia which is no discussion is
yours so minus three percent which is a
paper ok that's meant at so you know me
only 23 percent on your promotions and
my promotion yes if they sell it now if
they thought what's the 2013 I don't
understand and then if any attacks your
coupon code this upsets people upset if
an affiliate actual case in this people
are you doing
they take 50% and then there's 50% left
a new and used machetes
affiliate is affiliate that in a way
free money getting equal you would never
get any way they're bringing getting
absolutely you know if they're bringing
your student and i buy course anytime
I'm prime out and they courses and then
they sell it and instead of like $90 $25
that's a bit painful but you know you
know it's a numbers game they bring in
more sales
you know you get so member guys were
gonna open see here going to join me in
the well as we chat here about you to me
jump in have a chat ask any question you
want
yes you are on eBay said for many years
at the end
IDB years ago 2001 out I was trained
this to me I was a jewelry designer here
with transitioning out of that and into
my health and nutrition so in that
interim our belly while I loved it i
loved this is probably when you are
making a killing that maybe after I
don't know how long were you on ebay I i
came up about two years ago
oh ok all right so you what you wanted a
long time twelve years and you know it
when you have a ditch somewhere I mean I
need Bay yeah yeah you know I D for us
you know the antiques is a song that
couple of factors when Donahoe came in
and took over the eBay business head he
wanted to try to email Amazon and all of
a sudden selling antiques and
collectibles wasn't very popular amongst
the eBay management so nice or Faisal
made the recession but it was great we
know when we were in control swing it
was brilliant
it was absolutely brilliant you know
just to just to bargain hunt and that
was that was a bit I still love the
thrill of finding some time still love
it you know I can still go as he knows
stuff any downside of that was you had
to sell stock to sourcing the stock is a
tough thing you can and that's why I
love digital products so much because I
create my product and I can sell my
product I've never again but when I was
doing the antiques that was you know I
have to keep the stock flies are
constantly how a week
individual items all the time it was a
lot of hard work when I go back into
another want to get back into a just
society at some point I'll be scanned it
right down but it taught me a lot about
online marketing managing customers you
know you know going on eBay you know
being open to customer criticism it
teaches you a lot about how to handle
customers and I mean that the one thing
I didn't like about them so now that I
remember coming back to me you know you
work so hard and getting your positive
rating and one with one negative it
seems like it will be a hundred people
they would bring you down so far right
down so you would happen ninety-nine
percent approval rating or something and
then 68% I don't know how would you rate
your yeah yeah but we won it was just
you know we always get them you get when
you do me any any marketplace
you know you just you just managed it
and you just make sure that you did
absolutely nothing you could produce
quality products and service and then
when you get there we have it with some
big chip chip inside the place has a
chip happy you know and and one of the
things we learned that was a really
important is a risk rehearsal and I see
people get so listen you to me as well
so what is risk reversal that's where
they you take the risk so that they
don't have a risk when they buy from you
what happens is the first 30 days they
can buy your course I'm refunded for any
reason whatsoever
ok and people get a reform of course
they get upset about that what we used
to do with antiques was we used to
refund the price of the item and they
could return it for any reason
whatsoever
return because they didn't like it and
we would retire paid return postage yeah
so that was what proposition that while
we saw any reason
send it back even pay return postage
yeah bearing in mind that when we used
to ship stuff to Australia when the
Australians buy stuff they would buy you
know you know five hundred pounds to be
200 pounds we had to post it in the
first place we lost that two hundred
pounds they're paying posted on the way
turnt up and back but the value of
reversing the risk and this is why if
you look at any my promo videos videos
for utme 12 strongest elements just
before the call to action at the end is
if you are unhappy for any reason
whatsoever you can get a refund first
five days no questions
because you've got a reverse the risk
and that's really important product as
well